README.md, before:

# Liebling (Hack2G2 fork)

Liebling is a beautiful and clean Ghost theme that is easy and comfortable to use. **It's free** and you can use it for any kind of content you might have. Now with dark mode 🌓!

If you find this theme useful, please consider to make a donation to support its development! 🙏🏼

<a href="https://ko-fi.com/eddiesigner" target="_blank"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1583011476/button_y8hgt8.png" alt="Donate" style="width: 250px !important; height: 60px !important;" width="250" height="60"></a>

## Ghost 4

This theme has been optimized for Ghost 4, if you are looking for a Ghost 3 compatible version please refer to [this link](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/releases/tag/v.0.9.4).

## Preview

You can see a live demo here: [https://liebling.eduardogomez.io](https://liebling.eduardogomez.io)

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1583792928/liebling/liebling-promo-desktop.jpg)
<br><br>
![](https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1570370297/liebling/liebling-promo-mobile.jpg)

## Download

To get the latest version please head over the [releases page](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/releases) and download the file `liebling.zip` of the latest release.

## Documentation

To know how to enable the search, comments, newsletter and more, please head to the [Wiki](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki).

## Features

### General features

* Clean and beautiful design 💅🏼
* Lightning fast ⚡️
* Fully responsive, looks great on any device 📱
* Compatible with modern browsers 💻
* Fast support 📞

### Ghost features

* Subscription form [more info here](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki/How-to-enable-subscribers)
* Multiple authors
* Logo support
* Secondary menu
* Featured posts and pages
* Post, Page, Tag, Authors, pages
* Koenig editor
* Bookmark card
* Gallery card
* Blog title and description
* Cover image for Home, Post, Page, Tag, Author pages
* Author avatar, bio, location, website and social links
* Facebook and Twitter social links
* Reading time
* Next and Previous post navigation
* Primary tag in posts

### Liebling unique features

* Dark mode
* Search
* Custom Subscribe page
* Custom authors page
* Custom error page
* Medium style image zoom
* Comments with Disqus
* Share post on Facebook and Twitter
* Slider for featured posts
* Support for normal, wide and full images in posts
* Reading progress indicator
* RTL language support

## Localization

* English
* Spanish
* German by [D3473R](https://github.com/D3473R)
* Informal german by [D3473R](https://github.com/D3473R)
* Bulgarian by [clappingmonkey](https://github.com/clappingmonkey)
* Vietnamese by [hiensarahly](https://github.com/hiensarahly)
* Italian by [vignini](https://github.com/vignini)
* French by [v1nc3nt-fr](https://github.com/v1nc3nt-fr)
* Informal french by [v1nc3nt-fr](https://github.com/v1nc3nt-fr)
* Portuguese by [ivomota](https://github.com/ivomota)
* Arabic by [allamiro](https://github.com/allamiro)
* Polish by [otlet](https://github.com/otlet)
* Brazilian portuguese by [pedrinholula](https://github.com/pedrinholula)
* Russian by [stereohorse](https://github.com/stereohorse)
* Kyrgyz by [januchaos](https://github.com/januchaos)
* Hebrew by [cohen604](https://github.com/cohen604)
* Turkish by [mskoroglu](https://github.com/mskoroglu)
* Romanian by [dsecareanu](https://github.com/dsecareanu)
* Chinese Simplified by [IvyB](https://github.com/IvyB)
* Indonesian by [iqbalbinsb](https://github.com/iqbalbinsb), [khannedy](https://github.com/khannedy)
* Lithuanian by [pintom](https://github.com/pintom)
* Dutch by [Qballjos](https://github.com/Qballjos)
* Traditional Chinese by [weixiang](https://github.com/weixiang)
* Persian (Farsi) by [Aminoiz](https://github.com/Aminoiz)
* Ukrainian by [partizan007](https://github.com/partizan007)
* Kazakh by [arshyn-t](https://github.com/arshyn-t)
* Korean by [chocosobo](https://github.com/chocosobo)
* Japanese by [ViaSnake](https://github.com/ViaSnake)
* Czech by [Fjuro](https://github.com/Fjuro)
* Swedish by [momeenme](https://github.com/momeenme)

## Tests performed

* W3C Markup Validation: [Correct validation](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fliebling.eduardogomez.io%2F)
* Ghost GScan: [100/100 points](https://gscan.ghost.org/)
* GTmetrix PageSpeed Score: **A (97%)**
* PageSpeed Insights: **94/100** (mobile) **99/100** (desktop)
* Pingdom Performance Grade: **A 91**

## Theme development

Thanks to [D3473R](https://github.com/D3473R) 💪🏼 for creating a development environment with Docker. From now on you can work on this theme without installing a Ghost instance on your local machine. With two commands you have an instant development setup and you can build the theme for production.

Please take a look to this page to see how it works: https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki/Theme-development-with-Docker

## Help and Support

If you have any questions or troubles with this product, please feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are very welcome. First, please read the [Pull Request Guidelines](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki/Pull-Request-Guidelines) on the wiki.

## Related

* [Firma](https://gum.co/ZXLha) - Ghost theme that can be used by startups to large companies to publish any kind of articles related to their business. It stands out for its clean design and is able to adapt to any company's identity.

* [Weiss Pro](https://gum.co/pzvDn) - Modern and beautiful Ghost theme ready to make your content shine.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019-2020 Eduardo Gómez. Released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Credits

All the photos I used in this theme were taken from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)

Commit message:

change text to main button to 'proposer une intervention' + add how to generate liebling.zip to README.md

README.md, after:

# Liebling (Hack2G2 fork)

Liebling is a beautiful and clean Ghost theme that is easy and comfortable to use. **It's free** and you can use it for any kind of content you might have. Now with dark mode 🌓!

If you find this theme useful, please consider to make a donation to support its development! 🙏🏼

<a href="https://ko-fi.com/eddiesigner" target="_blank"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1583011476/button_y8hgt8.png" alt="Donate" style="width: 250px !important; height: 60px !important;" width="250" height="60"></a>

## How to generate liebling.zip file

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Hack2G2/ghostcms-custom-theme.git
cd ghostcms-custom-theme/src
npm install
npm run production
```

The **liebling.zip** file will be created at the root folder of the project. You can upload this archive to Ghost in the theme section.

## Ghost 4

This theme has been optimized for Ghost 4, if you are looking for a Ghost 3 compatible version please refer to [this link](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/releases/tag/v.0.9.4).

## Preview

You can see a live demo here: [https://liebling.eduardogomez.io](https://liebling.eduardogomez.io)

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1583792928/liebling/liebling-promo-desktop.jpg)
<br><br>
![](https://res.cloudinary.com/edev/image/upload/v1570370297/liebling/liebling-promo-mobile.jpg)

## Download

To get the latest version please head over the [releases page](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/releases) and download the file `liebling.zip` of the latest release.

## Documentation

To know how to enable the search, comments, newsletter and more, please head to the [Wiki](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki).

## Features

### General features

* Clean and beautiful design 💅🏼
* Lightning fast ⚡️
* Fully responsive, looks great on any device 📱
* Compatible with modern browsers 💻
* Fast support 📞

### Ghost features

* Subscription form [more info here](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki/How-to-enable-subscribers)
* Multiple authors
* Logo support
* Secondary menu
* Featured posts and pages
* Post, Page, Tag, Authors, pages
* Koenig editor
* Bookmark card
* Gallery card
* Blog title and description
* Cover image for Home, Post, Page, Tag, Author pages
* Author avatar, bio, location, website and social links
* Facebook and Twitter social links
* Reading time
* Next and Previous post navigation
* Primary tag in posts

### Liebling unique features

* Dark mode
* Search
* Custom Subscribe page
* Custom authors page
* Custom error page
* Medium style image zoom
* Comments with Disqus
* Share post on Facebook and Twitter
* Slider for featured posts
* Support for normal, wide and full images in posts
* Reading progress indicator
* RTL language support

## Localization

* English
* Spanish
* German by [D3473R](https://github.com/D3473R)
* Informal german by [D3473R](https://github.com/D3473R)
* Bulgarian by [clappingmonkey](https://github.com/clappingmonkey)
* Vietnamese by [hiensarahly](https://github.com/hiensarahly)
* Italian by [vignini](https://github.com/vignini)
* French by [v1nc3nt-fr](https://github.com/v1nc3nt-fr)
* Informal french by [v1nc3nt-fr](https://github.com/v1nc3nt-fr)
* Portuguese by [ivomota](https://github.com/ivomota)
* Arabic by [allamiro](https://github.com/allamiro)
* Polish by [otlet](https://github.com/otlet)
* Brazilian portuguese by [pedrinholula](https://github.com/pedrinholula)
* Russian by [stereohorse](https://github.com/stereohorse)
* Kyrgyz by [januchaos](https://github.com/januchaos)
* Hebrew by [cohen604](https://github.com/cohen604)
* Turkish by [mskoroglu](https://github.com/mskoroglu)
* Romanian by [dsecareanu](https://github.com/dsecareanu)
* Chinese Simplified by [IvyB](https://github.com/IvyB)
* Indonesian by [iqbalbinsb](https://github.com/iqbalbinsb), [khannedy](https://github.com/khannedy)
* Lithuanian by [pintom](https://github.com/pintom)
* Dutch by [Qballjos](https://github.com/Qballjos)
* Traditional Chinese by [weixiang](https://github.com/weixiang)
* Persian (Farsi) by [Aminoiz](https://github.com/Aminoiz)
* Ukrainian by [partizan007](https://github.com/partizan007)
* Kazakh by [arshyn-t](https://github.com/arshyn-t)
* Korean by [chocosobo](https://github.com/chocosobo)
* Japanese by [ViaSnake](https://github.com/ViaSnake)
* Czech by [Fjuro](https://github.com/Fjuro)
* Swedish by [momeenme](https://github.com/momeenme)

## Tests performed

* W3C Markup Validation: [Correct validation](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fliebling.eduardogomez.io%2F)
* Ghost GScan: [100/100 points](https://gscan.ghost.org/)
* GTmetrix PageSpeed Score: **A (97%)**
* PageSpeed Insights: **94/100** (mobile) **99/100** (desktop)
* Pingdom Performance Grade: **A 91**

## Theme development

Thanks to [D3473R](https://github.com/D3473R) 💪🏼 for creating a development environment with Docker. From now on you can work on this theme without installing a Ghost instance on your local machine. With two commands you have an instant development setup and you can build the theme for production.

Please take a look to this page to see how it works: https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki/Theme-development-with-Docker

## Help and Support

If you have any questions or troubles with this product, please feel free to open an issue [here](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are very welcome. First, please read the [Pull Request Guidelines](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/wiki/Pull-Request-Guidelines) on the wiki.

## Related

* [Firma](https://gum.co/ZXLha) - Ghost theme that can be used by startups to large companies to publish any kind of articles related to their business. It stands out for its clean design and is able to adapt to any company's identity.

* [Weiss Pro](https://gum.co/pzvDn) - Modern and beautiful Ghost theme ready to make your content shine.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019-2020 Eduardo Gómez. Released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/eddiesigner/liebling/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Credits

All the photos I used in this theme were taken from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)
